Clean up the concepts of tags, tag events, and actions in all of program.

Add the regexp matching of the tagID inside tagEventDispatch()

Check what errors are reported for command-line and GUI (status text) when there is no PCSD daemon running....
Make sure it helps the user figure out what's wrong.
i.e. avoid installing the daemon if you're installing the GNOME version that's also started automatically.

Wwhen we start up as system tray or foreground (i.e. ALWAYS), try and ensure we are the only instance running either for a given reader number (as at the moment), or if reader number = AUTO that we are the only instance globally on this machine.
Maybe pop-up an error when another is detected, with it's PID

Get Icon theme and search path stuff to work PROPERLY

Make the default setting for reader number to be AUTO, not fixed at zero, and then to search for a valid reader.
Extend the code to search for, connect to, and then use upto five simultaneously connected readers.
Shouldn't be too difficult. Use the bitmap set from the Settings UI. Change command line to enable AUTO.

Add the regexp matching of the tagID inside tagEventDispatch()

Write some text for the rules Editor help dialog and have it display it neatly, maybe with links to the wiki help pages or other sources.

Update the wiki with all the recent changes.

Build:
Avoid use of pkg-config (use correct flags directly) and fix problem with -lpcsclite so that the Mac version can also be built from the command line with "make".

Consider building the GUI version with a different target name, such as gTagEventor or something.

Scripts:
Modify the example scripts somehow so that they also run on Mac OS X, where for example Xmessage (used by the "generic" script) is not present.

Install:
Check the install script and directories for Mac OS X and make the necessary changes.
Improve the install script, and have it check and use options. Install things optionally not all at once.

Mac OS X GUI:
Investigate Gtk+ on Mac OS X (seems to only work with dependencies that require Leopard or Snow Leopard), or other ways to have the UI version also work.

Man page:
Write something useful in the man page, and then modify the install script to copy it to the appropriate location.

Future Ideas:
Generate compound events that are defined by TWO tags, such as "Andrew's tag" AND "e-mail tag", to be an event to read andrew's e-mail.

Think about if it's useful to define "states" as well as events, so that something is done or maintained WHILE a certain tag or tags are
detected.


